README.md, before:

ARMv8a 128-bit neon intrinsics port for Grid
supports double, single and half precision


file changes

    configure.ac
    Grid_vector_types.h
    Grid_generic_types.h
    Grid_neon.h


developed and tested with

    Grid git commit 4a8c4ccfba1d05159348d21a9698028ea847e77b
    Author: Guido Cossu <guido.cossu@ed.ac.uk>
    Date:   Fri Jun 2 17:02:29 2017 +0100

    clang 3.8 (no OpenMP support on our system)
    clang 4.0.0 (has OpenMP)
    gcc 6.3.0 (has OpenMP)

    with and without openmp


configure Grid using

    configure CXX=... CXXFLAGS="-std=c++11 -O3 -D NEONv8" --enable-simd=NEONv8


notes

    Vset is defined but not used by Grid, currently untested
    prefetches missing, intrinsics-level commands unknown
    streaming missing, intrinsics-level commands unknown

    gcc 6.3.0 compile time is high


testing

    double precision

    arm.neon.clang_4.0.dp.bench.openmp.txt
    arm.neon.clang_4.0.dp.tests.openmp.txt

    single precision

    arm.neon.clang_4.0.sp.bench.openmp.txt
    arm.neon.clang_4.0.sp.tests.openmp.txt

Commit message:

update readme, single precision runs

README.md, after:

ARMv8a 128-bit neon intrinsics port for Grid
supports double, single and half precision


file changes

    configure.ac
    Grid_vector_types.h
    Grid_generic_types.h
    Grid_neon.h


developed and tested with

    Grid git commit 4a8c4ccfba1d05159348d21a9698028ea847e77b
    Author: Guido Cossu <guido.cossu@ed.ac.uk>
    Date:   Fri Jun 2 17:02:29 2017 +0100

    clang 3.8 (no OpenMP support on our system)
    clang 4.0.0 (has OpenMP)
    gcc 6.3.0 (has OpenMP)

    with and without openmp


configure Grid using

    configure CXX=... CXXFLAGS="-std=c++11 -O3 -D NEONv8" --enable-simd=NEONv8


known bugs/problems

    Test_dwf_lanczos runs forever because of nan value in single precision with OpenMP
    SP w/o OpenMP not tested

    some Grid tests contain hardcoded double precision settings and therefore
    do not compile out all in single precision


notes

    Vset is defined but not used by Grid, currently untested
    prefetches missing, intrinsics-level commands unknown
    streaming missing, intrinsics-level commands unknown

    gcc 6.3.0 compile time is high

    Benchmark_wilson_sweep consumes too much memory for our test server


testing

    double precision

    arm.neon.clang_4.0.dp.bench.openmp.txt
    arm.neon.clang_4.0.dp.tests.openmp.txt

    single precision

    arm.neon.clang_4.0.sp.bench.openmp.txt
    arm.neon.clang_4.0.sp.tests.openmp.txt
